docs: added some clarification on serverless functions getting executed in a non-serverless environment (#9742)
redwoodjs/redwood: docs/docs/auth/supertokens.md

```

This installs all the packages, writes all the files, and makes all the code modifications you need.

:::info

> You may have noticed that in `api/src/functions/auth.ts` there's an import from `'supertokens-node/framework/awsLambda'`. This is fine, even if your app is not running in a serverless environment like AWS Lambda. Redwood automatically handles the translation between Fastify's request/reply objects, and the AWS Lambda signature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You may have noticed that in `api/src/functions/auth.ts` there's an import from `'supertokens-node/framework/awsLambda'`. This is fine, even if your app isn't running in a serverless environment like AWS Lambda. In "serverful" environments, Redwood automatically handles the translation between Fastify's request and reply objects and functions' AWS Lambda signature.
```
